# Acknowledgements and Licensing

 Neverwhere is written and maintained by Your Faithful GM (YFGM). Other people have helped with inspiration and comments, but none contributed any significant amount of writing republished here. On the other hand, Neverwhere **does** borrow a lot in spirit, and sometimes in mechanics, from the d20 Open Gaming License (OGL) PnP system (especially the Pathfinder flavor of that system), written by Wizards of the Coast (and Paizo), and the General Universal Role Playing System (GURPS) by Steve Jackson Games. Other minor inspirations also came from the SPECIAL system, by Interplay (Now Bethesda Softworks), Minecraft (and it's many mods), by Mojang (and others), and Dwarf Fortress, by Bay 12 Games.
 
 Neverwhere is a d20 OGL-family system, and to comply with the OGL agreement, is too released under the OGL. All core mechanics of the game are released under a share-alike agreement, allowing anyone, commercial or non-commercial, to reproduce, modify and redistribute any  parts of this system falling into the category "Open Game Content", described in the OGL as "the game mechanic and includes the methods, procedures, processes and routines to the extent such content does not embody the Product Identity and is an enhancement over the prior art and any additional content clearly identified as Open Game Content by the Contributor, and means any work covered by this License, including translations and derivative works under copyright law, but specifically excludes Product Identity".
 
 Content falling under the OGL description of "product identity", listed as "product and product line names, logos and identifying marks including trade dress; artifacts; creatures characters; stories, storylines, plots, thematic elements, dialogue, incidents, language, artwork, symbols, designs, depictions, likenesses, formats, poses, concepts, themes and graphic, photographic and other visual or audio representations; names and descriptions of characters, spells, enchantments, personalities, teams, personas, likenesses and special abilities; places, locations, environments, creatures, equipment, magical or supernatural abilities or effects, logos, symbols, or graphic designs; and any other trademark or registered trademark" is protected under national copyright laws, as described in the OGL. The author strictly excludes all mentions of, but not limited to, copyrighted concepts and names belonging to the Hasbro Inc or Wizards of the Coast corporation, Steve Jackson Games Inc, Paizo Inc or other copyright holders from this Product Identity claim. The author calls upon the fair use clause for derivative works to justify his use of possibly copyrighted concepts or names. The author at every step of the way has done his utmost to only borrow in spirit from otherwise copyrighted content, and will remove any infringing content immediately upon notification of it's existence.
 
 Please read the Open Gaming License for more information: http://www.wizards.com/d20/files/OGLv1.0a.rtf
